Improve documentation of "Separating Java and native image compilation" section (#19610)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/building-native-image.adoc

This will execute the java compilation as if you would have started native compilation (`-Pnative`), but stops before triggering the actual call to GraalVM's `native-image`.

[source,bash]
----
$ ./mvnw clean package -Dquarkus.package.type=native-sources
----

After compilation has finished, you find the build artifact in `target/native-sources`:

[source,bash]
----
$ cd target/native-sources
$ ls
native-image.args  getting-started-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner.jar lib
----

> From the output above one can see in addition the produced jar file and the associated lib directory, a text file named `native-image.args` was created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the output above one can see that, in addition to the produced jar file and the associated lib directory, a text file named `native-image.args` was created.
```

  --entrypoint bin/sh \
  quay.io/quarkus/ubi-quarkus-native-image:{graalvm-flavor} \ <3>
  -c "native-image $(cat native-image.args) -J-Xmx4g" <4>
----

<1> Mount the host's directory `target/native-image` to the container's `/work`. Thus, the generated binary will also be written to this directory.
<2> Switch the working directory to `/work`, which we have mounted in <1>.
<3> Use the `quay.io/quarkus/ubi-quarkus-native-image:{graalvm-flavor}` docker image introduced in <<#multistage-docker,Using a multi-stage Docker build>> to build the native image.

> <4> Call `native-image` with the content of file `native-image.args` as arguments. We also supply an additional argument to limit the process's maximum memory limitation of 4 Gigabyte (this may vary depending on the project being built and the machine building it).

Reviewer: I think the problem is was to limit a limitation :).
```suggestion
<4> Call `native-image` with the content of file `native-image.args` as arguments. We also supply an additional argument to limit the process's maximum memory to 4 Gigabytes (this may vary depending on the project being built and the machine building it).
```

[WARNING]
====
If you are running on a Windows machine, please keep in mind that the binary was created within a Linux docker container.
Hence, the binary will not be executable on the host Windows machine.
====

> A CI/CD pipeline a high level overview of the various steps would look like so:

Reviewer: I think there is a word missing after `pipeline`?

Author: Good catch, fixed

Reviewer: I don't see it fixed?

Author: I guess I hadn't pushed 🤦🏼 . Should be OK now
